one small step for c-tops one giant leap
for c-top stepping on chris's face we're
going to space i'll get off my face no i
want to go space hit the button which
button this one
no this one nope
this one we're going to the moon oh
my gosh where's space oh hey there's
there's space this is my side look at me
i'm the white one i'm dwight look at me
i'm orange a ladies and club say yeah
all the fellas in the club say yeah yeah
all the humanoid carrots that came to
life and went to space say yeah
oh it's not me you're not a carrot
you're just a little marshmallow i'm
going to tickle you you're a carrot i
like a marshmallow that's my ghoul
you're right in the goo mission control
guys an important mission first oh no
what do we do
what do i do i got to reach this lever
uh-huh we're free
we're free
i'll i'll get the letch like go with me
okay i can't i can't seem to
[Laughter]
are you a space monkey i don't know i
like monkeys
go
go chris push me
there we go okay you just gotta pull
yourself on the wall see i think so okay
help
help your legs using bumpers okay
but
i should always have my legs tucked
excuse me in space no one can hear your
farts i just i heard myself fart oh this
is houston we can hear you farting chris
it's not that hard just grab the walls
push your butt
i think i died
[Music]
no i'm good
okay
whoa oh i got a bed look at this i don't
think it's a bed it's a bad blood
you're trying to tell me it's not in bed
talking about my way
i can't there's a bed here oh yeah look
who's look who's bad now c-top i'm great
look at me go
i'm gonna get ahead of you you can't the
door's closed and i'm trying to reach
the button push
uh oh i think i died
screaming with black and white
they wasted all their oxygen like a
bunch of idiots
converted at the farts uh to bring power
to space stations always sell systems
made
we could not board the mainstays lights
oh my god
is this on a test there will be a test
later okay okay
okay oh i printed something i saw taxes
printers
toner low oh no you said we have a
problem we're low on toner hey i got the
manual this is the test oh no chris this
looks like it'll take thoughts and
brains thinkings i don't want it give me
that book get it give me the fly by
instinct chris huzzah let go of my butt
you're wasting all of our paper let's go
yeah i'm trying i'm i'm not touching you
ah
watch this ready go
oh that was lovely no no no no i don't
that was fantastic that was it
how do i oh
what is going on here oh i can do this
all right
look at me i'm fast
oh you kicked me you jerk
flange of gekkos all right
go come on a little ever it's more like
you push yeah i don't think i think
i don't think that works okay
i can't help but grab you okay open this
door let's go through here
okay
you're lying the cameras hit the x
maintain our original orientation
there we go
i'll grab that background
oh i got him well i think you need to
plug that in hold on yeah
okay i got that and i'll plug it in and
don't die i'll get out of your way
out swim space sucks give me
space oh i hit you i was watch this
ready
no i was almost there you idiot
push me push
it
isn't it terrible let go i'll do it
okay i'll get the lever
ah
spot house
that was really hard
i got it ninety percent of the way for
your space
everything about this is garbage look i
got it look i already did it you're
going to turn it off i can do it look
good job no
turn it off all right
i can't help myself which one does the
meatballs
we got meatballs after we're done we're
the sweetest hungry we're the sweetest
space industry before we can use our
spaceship we gotta build it hand me
those instructions
oh look at camera here i'm gonna take
your picture
ah did i do it i don't want any of this
film look i'm tony stark
oh
look at this photograph
it's a picture of my pet giraffe look at
this graph this is a calculator chris
according to this calculator you're a
boob
and you're a nerd you can't spell that
on a calculator idiot you can spell nerd
on a calculator one three three four
what oh yeah but you get the hang of it
you know it's it's still hard i'm kind
of a pro at this this i'm gonna launch
boom watch me launch off at amazing
speed
go ahead i just did it
that was that was not beautiful i keep
trying to i keep trying to make the
controls like it's that stupid ass egg
game we played imagine you're giving
first ah i broke it
oh i don't know what it did
i'm so sorry what's going on what's
going on up there guys nothing nothing
it's fine nothing uh uh uh uh
c top broken lever i'll stab you with a
screwdriver
they're going to lay eggs in our
stomachs again oh that's cool i want
that look at me
look at me ah look at me go look at me
no no look at me look at no look
kaleidoscope yep the colors
alright chris go out that door
okay hold on i don't think we have to be
i broke something else stop breaking i
don't know hey
there's screwdriver screwdriver at you
take some of that oh look i found a
lunchbox you want some this is like a
homer situation where they need to take
a dumb person to space and every man
yeah like you right like that if you're
gonna spill your chips everywhere buzz
aldrin's gonna be like watch out they've
got ridges i'm stuck in the window okay
chris i think we need to go fix
get back get down here stop trying to
break the window
okay we gotta fix the uh the
thingamabobber okay it's down down down
below i'll go open it down below dab i'm
coming at incredible speeds
look at this one i just love this new
watch it kind of wiggles around
i'm not going anywhere i'm so confused
what the heck
this doesn't feel fast at all has my
whole life been a lie where i found duct
tape mark wahlberg will be proud not
mark wahlberg matt damon damon
and he also pooped a lot made potatoes
out of it yes and then he filmed the
movie
what what is
oh no chris there are potato chips in
here oh god yes
yes
they're ruffled
oh
they've got ridges oh and i'm going the
other way again okay what's in here is
it a oh tennis racket more chips
the comedies here are terrible i will be
reviewing this place on yelp
it will be scathing
i appreciate the complimentary tennis
records oh no oh no
oh no
well i think we need this crowbar no
it's clearly the tennis racket get out
of the way chips ha ha
got it i got it got it
i got it look at me i'm morgan freeman i
mean uh
gordon freeman
george freeman gordon tv
we truly have the right stuff chris
hey
good good my left side's not working i
don't think i'm doing this right
i don't think you're doing anything oh
yeah look we gotta we gotta
look look at the crowbar yes that's why
i'm gonna fix it gotta crowbar it open
bro
watch this bro
so strong okay chris big boy strength
okay i'll kick you in the face will that
help
just grab my legs and pull oh my god i
did it i'm a big boy
why'd you throw me aside what
out of my way
well my door dash is here steve took
this picture to confirm your order it's
just like a bag of mcdonald's up to the
space station
what does the store do
oh
[Music]
grab that
watch
okay there's a reason the door was
sealed
yeah should he use some flex tape that
would have really sealed it okay i got
it we're good oh we got to be out there
yeah i'm going oh what do you think i'm
doing dingus no you gotta dude you gotta
take this and put it on you that's what
it said hit a4 oh i put it up to you
come on come on now got it there okay
it's an air now put it down by hit put
it down by your thing now hit a oh yeah
here we go i'm going for a walk i don't
have any such luxury so i'm just gonna
hold on to this thing right here okay
it's going back in
i hate this i hate everything about this
all right let me read the manual
yeah
look at me i have an apparent full of
thing
crank it
crank it i'm trying soldier boy doing it
i'm undoing it
ah space sucks
[Applause]
chris
dramatic i'm trying to fix some freaking
space the player is my room
oh sorry sorry i'm i'm being the
dramatic over here i'm freight floating
in space
you want to be sandra bullock or george
clooney sandra bullock i think she lived
ah dang it you're right
but is it if you call that living stop
it get off of me
out of a rope go ahead
you know what i am hooking you
do we need to open it or close it oh now
i'm hooked
look at me now i'm the state flood
what's wrong with your generation afraid
to go to space without ropes
there's babies
sorry
do we need that yes he's illuminating
our address how are we supposed to get
uber eats now
we're going to stop yes
okay god my fingers hurt so much from
gripping this thing
oh i'm so scared someone took off my
freaking tether
oh dude
that's so good
okay
update report to mission control oh
oh wow oh god all the way in there i
wanna die
oh no chris yeah oh
oh i'm coming
yeah okay i'm kind of i'm kind of
wiggling that way
i'm kind of i saved myself oh
look i'm swimming didn't get you help
gotcha
[Music]
don't you dare hope
see you looking at it don't you dare
oh
she's up see that is closing seems like
a bad idea today punk
[Music]
don't don't trap me in space
[Laughter]
[Music]
i'll come rescue you again we all do it
in this way
look at this dramatics
the first kiss in space go inside go
inside seaside i don't want to see your
face
okay
[Laughter]
can we close that can we close that
close it
why is it so hard to close
oh
oh ladies and gentlemen yeah all the
marshmallows in it
stay yay
this is my life now okay bye
i've accepted my fate i'm out of here
okay i found mission control where the
heck over here okay
i'm going to check this room up here
chris is a woodhead like a new car don't
listen to a mission control he's about
to have that butthead get this
in janus by eight
oh my god
finally
oh
oh my gosh 30 minutes
and that is 30 minutes for that
[Music]
you serious no it only took 27 minutes
chris can't you read idiot
no